c:\users\me4o\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\SeleniumTests.exe.config
c:\users\me4o\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\obj\Debug\SeleniumTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\me4o\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.visualstudio.testadapter.dll
c:\users\me4o\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.utility.desktop.dll
c:\users\me4o\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\users\me4o\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\chromedriver.exe
c:\users\me4o\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\IEDriverServer.exe
c:\users\me4o\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\IEDriverServer64.exe
c:\users\me4o\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\SeleniumTests.exe
c:\users\me4o\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\SeleniumTests.pdb
c:\users\me4o\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\me4o\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
c:\users\me4o\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\me4o\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
c:\users\me4o\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\me4o\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\me4o\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\users\me4o\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\me4o\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
c:\users\me4o\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
c:\users\me4o\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
c:\users\me4o\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\me4o\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\me4o\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
c:\users\me4o\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\obj\Debug\SeleniumTests.exe
c:\users\me4o\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\obj\Debug\SeleniumTests.pdb
E:\Projects\SeleniumTestsRapidLegal\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\SeleniumTests.exe.config
E:\Projects\SeleniumTestsRapidLegal\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\obj\Debug\SeleniumTests.exe
E:\Projects\SeleniumTestsRapidLegal\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\obj\Debug\SeleniumTests.pdb
E:\Projects\SeleniumTestsRapidLegal\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.visualstudio.testadapter.dll
E:\Projects\SeleniumTestsRapidLegal\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.utility.desktop.dll
E:\Projects\SeleniumTestsRapidLegal\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.dll
E:\Projects\SeleniumTestsRapidLegal\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\chromedriver.exe
E:\Projects\SeleniumTestsRapidLegal\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\IEDriverServer.exe
E:\Projects\SeleniumTestsRapidLegal\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\IEDriverServer64.exe
E:\Projects\SeleniumTestsRapidLegal\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\SeleniumTests.exe
E:\Projects\SeleniumTestsRapidLegal\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\SeleniumTests.pdb
E:\Projects\SeleniumTestsRapidLegal\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
E:\Projects\SeleniumTestsRapidLegal\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
E:\Projects\SeleniumTestsRapidLegal\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
E:\Projects\SeleniumTestsRapidLegal\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
E:\Projects\SeleniumTestsRapidLegal\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
E:\Projects\SeleniumTestsRapidLegal\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
E:\Projects\SeleniumTestsRapidLegal\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
E:\Projects\SeleniumTestsRapidLegal\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
E:\Projects\SeleniumTestsRapidLegal\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
E:\Projects\SeleniumTestsRapidLegal\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
E:\Projects\SeleniumTestsRapidLegal\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
E:\Projects\SeleniumTestsRapidLegal\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
E:\Projects\SeleniumTestsRapidLegal\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
E:\Projects\SeleniumTestsRapidLegal\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
E:\Projects\SeleniumTestsRapidLegal\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\obj\Debug\SeleniumTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Projects\SeleniumTestsRapidLegal\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriver.Extensions.Core.dll
E:\Projects\SeleniumTestsRapidLegal\SeleniumTests\SeleniumTests\bin\Debug\SeleniumWebdriverHelpers.dll
